## 2022.01.26 Minutes
Time 1600 PM (GMT)

## Roll call
Sarah Hsu - GS
Fergus Kidd - Avanade 
Gadhu Sundaram - NTTData
Joy Elizabeth - Thoughtworks
Ankit Gupta - Thoughtworks

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct 
all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. 
It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities 
that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are 
described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. 
If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, 
feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Minuets
- SH gives Project overview
- Each member gives a short introduction
- SH to go over Project Q1-Q2 OKRs
- The group to agree on working method 
- The group to agree on meeting cadence

## Project OKR
- Project OKR will be updated to reflect realistic timeline, SH to foolow up with Sean & co

## Working method 
- Main communication tool will be GitHub + Email. 
- Any thoughts or ideas will be logged using GitHub discussion/issue tabs. 
- The group will focus on a particular topic at a time

## Meeting cadence
- The group will meet once every 2 weeks to start with. The candence will change based on availability and engagement. 

## This week's focus
- Members will go through already opened GitHub discussions before the next meeting. 
- This week's topic is- https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/Green_Software_principles/discussions/3 

## Any Other Business

## Adjournment
